---
layout: post
title: "Carbon 2.1.0 Released"
date: 2016-02-08 16:32
comments: true
categories: [ Announcements, Carbon ]
---

[Carbon](http://get-carbon.org) 2.1.0 is out. You can [download Carbon as a .ZIP archive, NuGet package, Chocolatey package, or from the PowerShell Gallery](http://get-carbon.org/about_Carbon_Installation.html). It may take a week or two for the package to show up at chocolatey.org.


## New Functions

 * `Get-HttpUrlAcl`: uses Windows API to return HTTP URL ACLs; replaces the `netsh http show urlacl` command.
 * `Grant-HttpUrlPermission`: uses Windows API to grant listen/delegate permissions on HTTP URLs; replaces the `netsh http add urlacl` command.
 * `Revoke-HttpUrlPermission`: uses Windows API to revoke all a user or group's permissions on HTTP URLs; replaces the `netsh http delete urlacl` command.
 * `Install-Directory`: creates a directory (and any missing parents), if it doesn't exist already. Finally!
 * `Uninstall-Directory`: removes a directory, if it exists. Finally!
 * `Uninstall-Group`: uses the `DirectoryServices.AccountManagement` .NET API to remove a group, if it exists.
 * `Test-GroupMember`: uses the `DirectoryServices.AccountManagemetn` .NET API to test if a principal is a member of a group.

## New DSC Resource

 * `Carbon_Group`: resource for configuring local groups.
 
## Bug Fixes
 
 * Fixed: `Install-FileShare` always re-configures existing shares; it doesn't properly detect permissions that need to be removed.
 * Fixed: `Set-IniEntry` fails to preserve unicode characters with diacritics in INI entry names and values.
 * Fixed: `Remove-IniEntry` fails to preserve unicode characters with diacritics in INI entry names and values.
 * Fixed: `Set-HostsEntry` leaves trailing tabs and whitespace after all but the last line.
 * Fixed: `Get-PowerShellModuleInstallPath` returns wrong path for PowerShell 4.
 * Fixed: `Protect-String` fails when Carbon is installed in a module path that contains spaces ([fixes issue #174](https://bitbucket.org/splatteredbits/carbon/issues/174/protect-string-throws-when-module-path)).
 * Fixed: `New-RsaKeyPair` generates a key pair that isn't supported for encrypting/decrypting DSC credentials or supported by the CMS message cmdlets.
 * Fixed: `Get-ScheduledTask` returns invalid task commands when those commands contain quotes (works around an issue where `schtasks.exe` CSV output can't be parsed correctly by `ConvertFrom-Csv`).
 * Fixed: `Add-GroupMember` and `Remove-GroupMember` fail when adding `Everyone` or `NT Service\*` accounts to a group ([fixes issue #177](https://bitbucket.org/splatteredbits/carbon/issues/177/add-groupmembers-201-doesnt-like-vsa-names)).
 * Fixed: `Get-SheduledTask` writes an error if a scheduled task's XML definition is for an executable and doesn't contain an arguments element.
 
## Other Improvements

 * Obsolete function parameters will no longer show in Intellisense (added the `DontShow` parameter property).
 * `Test-AdminPrivilege`: changed its verbose message to a debug message.
 * `Set-HostsEntry`: 
    * only updates hosts file if it needs to change
    * added an improved verbose message when setting a hosts entry
    * improved error handling when hosts file can't be opened for reading
 * `Install-Certificate` can now install a certificate on a remote computer.
 * `Initialize-Lcm` now uses `Install-Certificate` to install the decryption certificate on the remote computer.
 * `Uninstall-Certificate` can now uninstall a certificate on a remote computer.
 * The following functions now write warning if you pass them a plain-text password. You should pass a `SecureString` instead.
    * `Install-Certificate`
    * `Initialize-Lcm`
 * `New-RsaKeyPair`:
    * Refactored to use `certreq.exe` instead of `makecert.exe` and `pvk2pfx.exe`.
    * Can now run non-interactively: added a `-Password` parameter used to protect the private key (it used to prompt you).
    * Fixed: generates a key pair that isn't supported for encrypting/decrypting DSC credentials or supported by the CMS message cmdlets.
    * Made the `-ValidFrom` and `-Authority` parameters obsolete.
 * Added some verbose messages to `Install-Group` and `Add-MemberToGroup` when they create/modify their objects.
 * `Install-Group` only saves changes to a group if changes were made.


