---
layout: post
title: "Carbon 2.4.0 Released"
date: 2016-11-09 11:00
comments: true
categories: 
---

[Carbon](http://get-carbon.org) 2.4.0 is out. You can [download Carbon as a .ZIP archive, NuGet package, Chocolatey package, or from the PowerShell Gallery](http://get-carbon.org/about_Carbon_Installation.html). It may take a week or two for the package to show up at chocolatey.org.


## Enhancements

 * `Protect-String` can now encrypt a `SecureString`. The `String` parameter's type was changed to `[object]`. When you pass in a `SecureString`, it is converted to an array of bytes, encrypted, and the array of bytes are cleared from memory.
 * Renamed `Protect-Acl` to `Disable-AclInheritance` to make it clearer what the function does. Created a `Protect-Acl` alias in place to preserve backwards-compatability.
 * `Disable-AclInheritance` only disables inheritance if it is currently enabled.
 * Created `Enable-AclInheritance` to re-enable access rule inheritance on file system and registry ACLs. This function is paired with `Disable-AclInheritance`.

## Bug Fixes

 * Fixed: `Get-ProgramInstallInfo` fails when a program's `Version` registry key value can't be converted into a `Version` object.
 * Fixed: `Test-Service` failed to detect if a device driver service is installed.
 * Fixed: `Install-Service` fails if a service depends on a device driver. (Note: in our testing, we can't get a device driver set as a dependency. If you know what the secret sauce is to get this to work with sc.exe (or another means), please let us know.)
 * Fixed: `Disable-AclInheritance` (ne `Protect-Acl`) fails when piped a registry key.
 * Fixed: `Get-PathProvider` fails when passed a fully-qualified registry key PowerShell path, e.g. `Microsoft.PowerShell.Core\Registry::HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software`.
 

