---
layout: post
title: "LibGit2 0.3.2 Released"
date: 2017-04-07 11:26
comments: true
categories: 
---

[Carbon](http://get-carbon.org) 2.5.0 is out. You can [download Carbon as a .ZIP archive, NuGet package, Chocolatey package, or from the PowerShell Gallery](http://get-carbon.org/about_Carbon_Installation.html). It may take a week or two for the package to show up at chocolatey.org.


## Enhancements

 * Added `DelayedAutoStart` boolean property to objects returned by `Get-ServiceConfiguration`. This flag is `true` when a service is set to start automatically, delayed. `False` otherwise. Added extended 
 * The `Install-Service` function and the `Carbon_Service` DSC resource can now set a service's startup type to `Automatic (Delayed)`. Pass `Automatic` to the `StartupType` parameter and use the new `Delayed` switch. The `Delayed` switch is ignored unless `StartupType` is `Automatic`. Fixes [issue #216](https://bitbucket.org/splatteredbits/carbon/issues/216/community-add-automaticdelayed-in).
 * The `Uninstall-Certificate` function can now delete a certificate by just its thumbprint. The certificate will be uninstalled from *all* stores. You can pipe the thumbprint or a certificate object to `Uninstall-Certificate`.
 * Added an `EnsureRunning` switch to `Install-Service` function to ensure that any service is started after configuring. (By default, `Install-Service` leaves a service stopped if it was stopped when `Install-Service` begins.)
 * Added `IsSymbolicLink` extended type property to directory and file objects (i.e. `System.IO.DirectoryInfo` and `System.IO.FileInfo` objects).
 * Added `TargetPath` extended type property to file (i.e. `System.IO.FileInfo`) objects. If a file is a symbolic link, this property will return the file the link points to.
 * The `TargetPath` extended type property on directory (i.e. `System.IO.DirectoryInfo) objects now returns target paths when a directory is a symbolic link.
 * `Initiazlie-Lcm` can't be used on Windows Server 2016 and later to put the DSC local configuration manager into pull mode. `Initialize-Lcm` now writes an error when you try.
 
## Bug Fixes

 * `Install-Service` and the `Carbon_Service` DSC resource write errors when a service is running and its startup type is changed to `Disabled`.
 * The `Carbon_ScheduledTask` DSC resource writes incorrect information to verbose log when the current and desired credential for the scheduled task are different.
 * The `Carbon_ScheduledTask` DSC resource doesn't correctly detect when a task's identity has changed (it wasn't converting usernames to their canonical representation before comparing the existing identity with the desired identity).
 * Fixed: Importing Carbon in 32-bit PowerShell fails on a 64-bit operating system. DSC isn't available so the `Initialize-Lcm` function can't be exported. Thanks to [Anders Andersson](https://bitbucket.org/McAndersDK/) for contribuging the fix.
 * Fixed: `Install-Service` and `Carbon_Service` DSC resource fail to change the identity a service runs as if switching from a custom account to the default `NetworkService` account.
 * Fixed: `Get-PowerShellModuleInstallPath` returns nothing when run under 32-bit (x86) PowerShell on 64-bit Windows.Fixed: `Get-PowerShellModuleInstallPath` returns nothing when run under 32-bit (x86) PowerShell on 64-bit Windows.
 

